---
title: 'British white people set to become a minority in Birmingham '
date: 2018-06-30 13:30:45
author: 'Toasted Buns'
image: ../../images/britishlads.jpg
tags:
  - Britain
  - Immigration
  - Blog
---

Birmingham joins London, Leicester, Luton and Slough. Report also says
nearly 50,000 residents in the city cannot speak English. Diversity is
our strength, right?

Massive immigration continues in Britain and the results are shocking.
There are thought to be residents from nearly 200 countries living in
Birmingham which has been described as 'super diverse' in the city
council's new cohesion strategy. We are reaching new levels of
diversity.

Super diverse cities are popping up all over the UK and
Europe. Of course, super diverse mean that white local residents are the
minority now. Even United States of America are projected to face the
same outcome. White Americans to become minority by 2044 thanks to
ageing population while Hispanics will make up a quarter of U.S. citizens.

<script async src="//pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js"></script><ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:block; text-align:center;"  data-ad-layout="in-article"  data-ad-format="fluid"  data-ad-client="ca-pub-2164900147810573"  data-ad-slot="8817307412"></ins><script>(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});</script>

However, I will focus on Birmingham City in this blog. The mainstream
media has been talking about minorities being the victims in the UK for
years. However, even though White British people are not the majority
anymore in many cities in UK, minorities are still being treated as
victims. I love this quote from the article "Birmingham is soon to
become a majority minority city," the report states. Majority minority
city? What does that mean? I thought that once minority overgrows the
majority of the population it becomes the new majority. Unfortunately,
the media will never say this, because that would show the reality of
mass uncontrolled immigration. Replacement of the population on a
massive scale. How does that make you feel?

Children from white families are in the minority in both Birmingham and
Leicester, according to researchers due to immigration. More than half
of those under 16 in the cities are now from black, Asian and other
ethnic communities, they believe. This was in 2011. It’s safe to say
that the difference has grown since. In addition to this, Birmingham
have more Muslim children than Christian. The figures show the number of
Muslim children in Birmingham is greater than the number who are
Christian for the first time, showing the city's demographic shift. Of
Birmingham's 278,623 children, 97,099 were registered as Muslim and
93,828 as Christian in the last census.

What will happen to British values once the majority is not British
White anymore? Will these people, who have no connection to Britain or
it’s culture, the people who come here to take advantage of the welfare
state, embrace British History and british values? Highly unlikely.
British people are starting to wake up from a deep sleep that lasted the
last 50 years. National identification is on the rise in the UK, but we
need to keep fighting. I was not born in Britain, but I grew up here. I
always admired the british values and would be devastated if it was
taken by foreign forces.

If you are British citizen or just love British values and cultures. Be
proud of it. Don’t be afraid to raise the St. George flag while eating
Sunday roast or fish and chips. Be proud of liberal values that Britain
helped to bring to the world. Be proud of who you are and what your
country represents. Stop accepting the fact that you are becoming a
minority in your own homeland. We still have some free speech in this
country, so let’s use that to express our views on this issue.

Sources:

https://www.birminghammail.co.uk/news/local-news/british-white-people-set-become-14830628

http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2260067/White-Britons-minority-Leicester-Luton-Slough-Birmingham-set-follow-end-decade.html

http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2875786/White-people-minority-2044-thanks-ageing-population-Hispanics-make-quarter-U-S-citizens.html

http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1350087/White-children-Birmingham-minority-year-immigration.html

https://www.thefreelibrary.com/More+Muslim+children+than+Christian+as+face+of+Birmingham+changes.-a0382783499
