---
title: 'Review: Splinter Cell - Double Agent'
date: 2018-07-09 20:47:25
author: 'Toasted Buns'
image: ../../images/splintercell.jpg
tags:
  - Review
  - Splinter Cell
  - Video Games
---

I’ve always had a soft spot in my heart for Splinter Cell series. When I
was a teenager, I’ve played Splinter Cell for the first time and I fell
in love straight away. Splinter Cell introduced me to the genre of
stealth and I’ve been a fan ever since. I like every single entry, even
though I have some issues with every game. I remember playing Splinter
Cell Double Agent all the time when I had an Xbox 360 and only have good
memories of the game. Therefore, I’ve decided to play it again and find
out whether it still holds up.

Double Agent tried to do things differently and introduced the trust
mechanics. You are playing as a double agent and you have to keep the
trust of NSA and JBA (Terrorist agency you have infiltrated). There are
times where you have to make a decision that will only please one side,
however, it is way too easy to keep both sides happy.

In addition to this, Double Agent introduces a set of levels where you need to spy
around the headquarters of JBA. In these levels, you have a limited time
to sneak around and collect more information about the terrorist and
complete specific tasks from NSA. The catch here is that you are not
allowed to attack anyone and you do not have any of your gadgets. The
only thing you have is your skills. It’s a good change of gameplay
between levels and really is a lot of fun!

<script async src="//pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js"></script><ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:block; text-align:center;"  data-ad-layout="in-article"  data-ad-format="fluid"  data-ad-client="ca-pub-2164900147810573"  data-ad-slot="8817307412"></ins><script>(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});</script>

The graphics of the game was amazing for me when it came out. Sam looks
better than ever, his model is very detailed and all the other main
characters look distinct and realistic even today. However, there are
some areas of the game that do look really ugly. It feels like the game
was rushed a bit because the textures look low quality and the highly
detailed characters stand out way too much in poorly detailed
environments. I’d say that the graphics are mediocre at best and just
look ugly at times.

Again, does not hold up as well as other games.
On the other hand, the story is still excellent. You do feel like a
double agent throughout the game. The villain is interesting, even
though a bit too two-dimensional. You have a variety of secondary
characters and the setup of the story is still gripping. It’s
unfortunate that Sam does not reflect on the events at the beginning of
the game throughout the game, but it does not ruin the experience. The
game has plenty of twists and turns that keep the momentum going.
However, I feel like the story could be a bit longer to flesh out some
characters and warp some loose ends. It even has multiple endings,
therefore playing it multiple times is really fun.

The gameplay is as good as ever. Sam has a variety of ways to sneak
around, kill enemies and has a variety of gadgets to use. You have a
number of ways to accomplish your objectives and you are not forced to
choose any style of gameplay. Secondary objectives return again and are
really fun to accomplish. I’ve mentioned the missions in the JBA
headquarters and they are a great addition to the Splinter Cell series.
Unfortunately, the game is still very buggy.

I played it on Steam with
the latest patch (I believe?) and it still had a load of issues. The
physics were all over the place at times, the graphics glitches were
more than noticeable and AI was really struggling to be realistic. There
is a bug in the game, where if you do not set your walking speed to max
you cannot crack any safe. HOW DID THIS HAPPEN? Moreover, after
finishing the last mission the game just froze and the only fix was to
reduce the resolution! Wow, I honestly don’t remember this game being so
buggy, but maybe I was too young to notice or maybe my nostalgia for
this game overshadowed all the issues.

Overall, does it still hold up? Not really, but it’s a great game
nevertheless. If you have never played this game, I highly recommend
giving it a shot. It does not matter if you have played any of the
Splinter Cell games or if you have are a fan of the series. I do not
think this is the best entry in the series, but it did introduce new
techniques to the mix and was a good experience! If you have never
played a Splinter Cell game, I’d recommend starting with Chaos Theory,
because it is easily the best game in the series and one of the best
games in the stealth genre.
